Welcome everybody today to today's team meeting. Thank you very much for attending. We are due to run today from 2.30 until 3 o'clock I am aware that we're quite tight on time so I have put together an agenda for us to work through so that we can get through the topics that we need to cover. As we have a rotational minute-taker at all of our meetings Morgan will be taking the minutes of today's meeting. Amy you will be taking the minutes at our next meeting so thank you. As I've said before this is a great chance to kind of hone those minute-taking skills so please do take up this opportunity in an informal setting that we're in at the moment. So our first agenda item then is apologies. So I do have apologies from Emma. She's unable to attend today as she's already at another meeting this morning. I don't have any apologies from Charles has anybody seen him? Yeah I did see him in the kitchen making a cup of tea so I'm sure he won't be long. That's fine not a problem. We are quite short of time so I am going to make a start on the meeting anyway if that's okay. Our second agenda item then is team updates. So we're just going to spend a couple of minutes providing a bit of an update to each other on our key priorities and work that we've got going on at the moment. Morgan could we start with you please? Yeah so I've completed my blog so that'll go up soon. The apprentice plays on shoes. plays Oh that's okay. We're just having a bit of an update at the moment on people's key priorities and where they're at with their work so Morgan's just giving us his update first. So I've completed my blog and that'll go online soon. The apprentice networking event was set up and took place on Tuesday. The reports had no errors which is really good and that's all my updates for this week. Okay fantastic thank you very much. Amy could we have your update please? Yeah so just to say that the welcome to kill is at full capacity so we'll need to get another that concludes my update. Fantastic that's brilliant thank you very much Amy. Charles can we have your update please? Yeah I thought I'd take the opportunity to give you an update on our project plan so if you've got any comments or any feedback if you want to get in touch with me then I'll be able to take them on board. Lovely thank you very much Charles for that update. I do have a bit of an update as well so I went to a meeting on Monday and we discussed some new training that we're going to be providing. Finally I do have a strategic update to give to you but that's part of a wider team update. I will do that following a wider team meeting that was going to take place in the couple in a couple of weeks. anybody got any questions at all regarding any of those updates? No thank No thank you. we'll move on to agenda item three the OD operating plan. I did issue you all this in our last team meeting and ask you all to have a look at it so thank you very much because I do know that you've done that. This is a great document now so that we can use this as showing what we've got going on in the coming year and our provision that we're going to be providing. Has anybody got any questions at all about this document? No just just to feedback that I think it's a really good dynamic document and I think it will help us plan things throughout the year. Fantastic lovely thank you very much. But can I just ask how does it meet the appraisal objectives? So the tasks that you are completing within the document they are individual tasks but I will build that into the appraisal meeting as part of the wider objectives that you were set in your last meeting. Thank you. Yeah does that make sense? Yeah thank you. more questions at all? No. Okay if we could move on to our next agenda item then which is the OD website. Amy have you got an update on that? Yeah so just to say that the OD website is due to go live next month. I've made some updates in terms of the programme of events. It's going to be continually updated so staff can see what workshops are going to be booked in on an ongoing basis. That sounds fantastic thank you very much. I have seen it and it does look really good. Is there anything that we need to do to help you with that at all? It'd be really useful if you could just take some time out just to review it and see if there's any issues and queries see if and just get back to me. That would be great thank you. No problem. Morgan could you drop that down as an action for everybody please for the next meeting for the next we'll update Amy during our next meeting. Our next agenda item then workshop numbers. Morgan could you provide an update on those please? Yeah so I have the workshop numbers for the month ahead so we've got inclusive leadership on the 5th with 10 booked to date. Assertiveness is on the 7th with 12 booked. On the 19th we have excellent introduction with only three. I'm not sure what you want me to do with that one. I deliver that workshop so if we can perhaps give it a week and review it at the next team meeting that'd be really good. Yeah I'll make an extra review it next week. We have a career planning on the 22nd which has eight people so we can review that again next week and the final one is project management on the 29th. It's fully booked and with five people on the waiting list. Well I deliver on that workshop Morgan so could we look at getting another one booked in for the beginning of next month please? Yeah yeah that's why I'm making notes. That's all the numbers for the next four weeks and any queries in the meantime just let me know. That's great lovely thank you very much Morgan for providing that update. So our final agenda item then is any other business so has anybody got anything they want to bring up or discuss that we haven't already mentioned? As you all know I sit on the charity committee and we've been asking up with some creative ideas for events to run next year so I thought maybe as we're all together we could take the opportunity to brainstorm a few things to take forward. Okay I think that's a great consideration that we need to make. I would love to get involved in some of those events. I don't think we have the time to look at that today unfortunately because we are quite short on time. Morgan could you put that down as an action please for us to look at ready for the next meeting? Yeah. And if we could all look into that and get back to Charles when we meet again that would be great is that okay? Yeah that's Yeah that's really good thank you. Lovely thank you. Is there anything anybody else wants to mention? No. that's everything from me I don't have anything else to add except thank you very much for all your hard work. If we could all meet again next week that would be lovely I will be in touch to extend that meeting so that we have enough time to allow for the discussion on the charity events. Morgan if you could circulate the actions by the end of the day that would be great so we've all got time to look at those ready for the next meeting. Yeah so we've Yeah we'll do. you very much for attending everybody. Thank you. you.